Update README + announcement guidelines (#426)
w3f/General-Grants-Program: grants/announcement-guidelines.md

Once you have completed your milestone, we'll be happy to collaborate by reviewing and proofreading your blogpost. When you have drafted your announcement, send it to your contact at W3F Grants/Collaborations and add grantsPR@web3.foundation in CC. Please allow 1-3 working days where possible for proofreading articles, and wait until the milestone has been accepted to publish it.

We also cross-promote the most recent projects and their milestones on the second Monday of every month on Twitter, so please keep us updated and send us the links to your published tweets regarding your announcements.

## We recommend the following guidelines when writing your post

- The post should be strategic in nature, focusing on the tech rather than the “announcement” element.
- The team should point to the work, in order to attract attention for the project and demonstrate momentum in the ecosystem. It should be informative for builders and the larger community.
- The post should include a link to a GitHub repository or elsewhere to showcase what's been built so far.
- Suggested flow for the post:
  - This is what the team has built so far.

>   - These are the team's plans to continue development.

Reviewer: Weird phrasing.

```suggestion
  - These are the team's development plans.
```

  - This is how the technology will contribute to the Polkadot ecosystem.

## Key components

1. A blog post header image

   - An image helps when sharing the announcement on social networks. It's more prominent in feeds and looks more professional.

>    - Images ideas include showing how W3F or Polkadot fits into your flow. Or you can simply put the teams' logos next to each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Image ideas include showing how W3F or Polkadot fit into your flow. Or you can simply put the teams' logos next to each other.
```
